119)


Define a subprogram  that will ask the user to  pick a low and a high  number, 
and then  generate a random  number between those  two values and store it in  
a variable called  ¡°comp_num¡±.  

Define another  subprogram that will  give the instruction 
¡°I am  thinking of a number¡¦¡±  and then ask the user to  guess the number 
they  are thinking of.  

Define a third  subprogram that will  check to see 
if the  comp_num is the same  as the user¡¯s guess. If it  is, 
it should display the  message ¡°Correct, you  win¡±, 
otherwise it should  keep looping, telling the  user if they are too low or  too high 
and asking them  to guess again until they  guess correctly. 

Condition : 4 subprograms 










120)

Display the following menu to the user:  

	1) Addition
	2) Subtraction
	Enter 1 or 2 : 


If they enter a 1, it should run a subprogram that will  generate two random numbers 
between 5 and 20, and  ask the user to add them together. 
Work out the correct  answer and return both the user¡¯s answer and the  correct answer.  
If they entered 2 as their selection on the menu, it  should run a subprogram that 
will generate one number  between 25 and 50 and another number between 1 and  25 
and ask them to work out num1 minus num2. This  way they will not have to worry about 
negative answers.  Return both the user¡¯s answer and the correct answer.  
Create another subprogram that will check if the user¡¯s  answer matches the actual answer. 
If it does, display  ¡°Correct¡±, otherwise display a message that will say  
¡°Incorrect, the answer is¡± and display the real answer.  
If they do not select a relevant option on the first menu you should display a suitable message. 


           


121)

Create a program that will allow the user to easily manage a list of names. 
You should  display a menu that will allow them to add a name to the list, 
change a name in the  list, delete a name from the list or view all the names in the list. 
There should also be a  menu option to allow the user to end the program. 
If they select an option that is not  relevant, then it should display a suitable message. 
After they have made a selection  to either add a name, change a name, 
delete a name or view all the names, they  should see the menu again 
without having to restart the program. The program  should be made 
as easy to use as possible. 





